Thursday, March the 06.

I had an idea of creating a Twitter like layout, just so I could practice some CSS. No, I did not have this idea today,
but I felt that I actually started something insteresting today, so, I thought it would be a good idea to write a diary
to report every activity done here.

 - Explanation
  As I said, it was supposed to be a simple layout using Bootstrap, but then I thought: "Why not to make an website, so
  I can try to mess with web application and stuff?". That's what I am doing right now.
  
  I really like Heavy Metal music, so, I wanted to theme this site with something related to it. The idea is a place where
  people write quick facts about important metal bands or subgenres, and other people rate it. If it has a lot of up votes,
  it will be highlighted, if it has a lot of down votes, it will be deleted, plain and simple.
  
  I thought it that way because it's a way to avoid weird stuff like people posting about Justin Bieber or shit, and the
  community would maintain it (of course, if a lot of people agree that the fact: "Justin Bieber is not gay" is true, and
  it gets a lot of up votes, it won't be deleted. Community oriented stuff are definitely volatile). If a fact is not true,
  and a lot of people notice and downvote it, it will be deleted or corrected.
  
  It's a simple project, and I would be delighted to read quick facts about my favorite metal bands, they are the kind of
  thing that makes a conversation about music funny or at least more interesting.
  
 - Where we (or I) are (or am)
  All I've really done up to now is the main page of the website (that is not yet complete). Tried to create the web 
  application using Grails, but I still need to study a little before doing something from the scratch. The idea is 
  to use SQLite for the data base, but it seems I'll have some trouble using it along with Hibernate.
  
 - Tools of the trade
 
  *Grails
  *Bootstrap
  *SQLite
  
  There must be something more, but I can't remember or I don't know them.
  
  That's all for today, I think.
  
  Gustavo Kendy de Souza Kishima
  
